Regex multiple matches (#901)
Green-Software-Foundation/if: src/if-run/builtins/regex/README.md

## Returns

> - `output`: The first match of the `parameter` value using the `match` regex defined in the global config. If the `match` regex includes the global flag (`g`), a string containing all matches seperated by spaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `output`: The match of the `parameter` value using the `match` regex defined in the global config. If the `match` regex includes the global flag (`g`), a string containing all matches separated by spaces.
```
